# Another way of handling SMSishng
A few days ago I received an SMS that was pretending to be from a well known bank. My advice is to always ignore those messages and report them directly to the real bank and to the communication carrier.
If you receive a similar message and you really get convinced that you should open it, then use another mean of communication to interact with the real sender. For this specific example you could give the bank a call, or just pay a visit to the website of the bank by typing the name of the bank on any search engine or using their website name if you are sure you remember it correctly. Be sure not to be fulled with a similar name used in the fraudulent SMS. In this example the name of the fraudulent website (grwinbank.com) looks somewhat similar to the real one (winbank.gr)

The scammers with this type of attack are trying to collect possible usernames and passwords, but you will think that in order to execute some transaction the bank has enabled two factor authentication. This is real, but there are two dangers here. The first one is that the attacker can obtain information on your financial status and then use other means to exploit that info. The second one is that a lot of people are using their credential in more than one websites and this can be used to compromise multiple accounts.

# My approach
I decided to create a script so that I can generate and send to that page multiple fake combinations of username and password in order to fill the database of the scammers with trash making it harder to distinguish the real credentials of possible victims. I'm glad that this website has been taken down in only a couple of days.
